yeah I'm back I know I haven't been on
YouTube in like forever
but I decided I should make like a
YouTube video like a makeup through on
this look and this will look really good
on any blue eyes well anyone what it
makes blue eyes like ah man so just
something I would make a video I know
it's gonna be kind of bad but um the
future ones will probably be much better
because this is just the first one and
let's figure out a little whitening and
my camera and everything so yeah so if
you like it if you want to know how to
do this look I don't know if you could
see it that well oh yeah you could kind
of see it hold on you can't really see
the contour I don't think but whatever
right
if you like you're gonna start off with
a base Mac's Paint Pot called Indian
wood and it's a gorgeous goldish coppery
color and you're gonna apply that all
over your lid as well as your bottom
lash line it's gonna act as a base for
the shadows and also enhance any eye
shadows you put over it then you're
gonna take a transition color I'm using
soft brown and with a 224 brush or a
sigma e40 brush either one you're going
to rub that in your crease and work it
up towards the brow bone and a
windshield motion just go back and forth
and keep blending it up towards the brow
bone
then we're gonna take a darker Brown
called saddle and we're gonna load it up
on our 217 brush or your e25 brush and
you're gonna really turn the brush
sideways and put it in your lower crease
just going back and forth and a
windshield motion then go back in with
your 224 brush and blend it all together
after that we're gonna take my favorite
color by Max Swiss chocolate and we're
gonna load it up on my 217 brush or e 25
then you're gonna tap off the excess and
really really load it up on your outer
corner just packing it down see how the
brush is turned sideways and really
packing it onto that outer corner
then I'm just taking the same brush and
I'm blending that color into the crease
I'm really smoking it out and making it
very very blown out and no harsh lines
just keep blending into the crease and
up towards the brow bone then I'm gonna
take my Mac 242 brush and I'm gonna
spritz it with some fix+ this is gonna
make the shadow more metallic like give
it a metallic sheen and you're gonna Pat
that all over the lid using the color
amber lights by Mac which is a very
pretty gold color you could take some of
that amber lights and drag it below on
your lash line then I'm just taking a
fluffy brush and I'm going to blend
everything together then I'm gonna take
a pencil brush I'm using Mac's 219 and
I'm dipping it into that saddle color
again and I'm gonna drag it along the
lash line back and forth
then you're gonna take any eyeliner
brush you have and dip it into Swiss
chocolate you're gonna use this color to
get it as close to the waterline as
possible really smudging it all around
for a highlight I'm going to be using
Mac's rice paper with any brush and
you're just going to tap that in the
inner corner of your eye and you're also
gonna be dragging it on the highest
point of your brow bone down then I'm
going back in with a fluffy brush just
blending it all together for eyeliner
I'm going to be using a Mac 210 brush
and I'm going to be dipping it in
Maybelline eye studio gel liner and
you're going to start in the middle of
the eye and try and make a curved edge
line across your eye making it thinner
in the inner corner and thicker in the
app to do a wing you're going to follow
the natural line of your bottom lash
line up now after I pop on my fake
lashes I'm going to go back over that
line but for now I'm going to be taking
Urban Decay's 24/7 eyeliner and
prevision I believe it's called and just
really blacking that inner tear-duct
then I'm gonna be curling my lashes and
applying the Diorshow mascara for lashes
I'm gonna be using the art Dale natural
ones and I already use them that's why
they're loose in the pack and I'm going
to put on some lash glue and make sure
it gets tacky and then I'm just gonna
pop those on
after the glue dries I'm going to be
using my still up felt tip eyeliner
which is amazing and intense black and
I'm going to cover up all the glue then
I'm going to apply mascara to my bottom
lashes and blend my real lashes and the
fake ones together by only applying
mascara to my real lashes I always spray
fix+ on my face before applying my
foundation to really hydrate my skin
because I really dry skin I'm going to
be using the best foundation brush ever
which is the f80 from Sigma with my
favorite foundation makeup forever in
1:28 that's my own color and you're
going to dip the brush in it and stipple
it all over your face really blend it
into your skin the breasts of such a
good job of blending the foundation into
your skin and making it look flawless
then I'm going to be taking some of the
Maybelline fit me concealer mixed with
the Mac Pro Longwear concealer and I'm
going to highlight my under eye area
using the Beauty Blender to blend that
in the Beauty Blender does such a great
job at highlighting the under eye area
because it gives the skin such a
flawless finish
after all the product is applied with no
lines and it just blends everything so
smoothly
then I'm going to be taking a brow
powder this one I got for free with my
brushes from Sigma and believe it's
called scarlet and I'm gonna use a 266
brush to follow the natural shape of my
eyebrows using a spool to brush them out
so they don't look chocolate you could
also use an eye shadow to fill in your
brows now and I'm going to be taking the
Ben Nye banana powder which is used on
Kim Kardashian and I'm going to be using
it to highlight underneath my eye
Kim Kardashian's makeup artist Mario
uses this on every client no matter what
skin tone they have and it is really
amazing it is such amazing powder I'm
obsessed with stuff to contour my face
I'm going to be using a Mac 109 brush
and NARS Laguna bronzer and you're going
to take it underneath the cheekbone and
on the temples this is like very top of
your forehead like around the top of the
forehead and along the jawline and
because I have such a round face this
really really makes my face look longer
and not as round
then I'm going to be taking max warm
soul blush and I'm going to be using it
on my angled kabuki brush but you can
use it on a blush brush and you're going
to pop that on the apples of your cheek
and work it back to where you just
contoured
then to highlight your face you're gonna
take any small brush you have and you
could use an illuminator a shimmery
eyeshadow or a highlighter to pop that
color on top of your cheekbones and down
the center of the nose and on your keep
its bow then I'm gonna take a nude lip
gloss I'm using spring break by NARS and
just putting that all over my lips and
after that you're done
you